I love watching Kaylee ACEF sister as we
know her every single time she gets to
her feet she's smiling the way she
dances on the wave it's so quick but
when you watch it in slow motion it's
incredibly detailed I've heard a lot of
different takes on the style to where
it's how you wear your blue jeans and
how you wear your t-shirts and and no
one tells you how to do it and we're
going to do it it just is you and you
become it it's that's how you are and
surfing is an extension of your style I
think the most stylish surf is in the
world the most stylish people they have
it they have the knack and I don't think
you could really teach that to somebody
those people that get it have that
natural ability to draw the most amazing
lines play the most amazing strings or
paint the most amazing paintings and
Helios got that
she has that essence of feminine energy
and she's just so stylish and great
school but badass at the same time and I
love that Washington sister surf is like
watching the most beautiful ballet that
you could ever see because she's doing
that underwater and that is something
that everyone should get to see she's
completely in her element and she's
completely where she is supposed to be
to me that is exactly what every human
in this world is trying to achieve
you